Doc for Quable PIM (#399)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/product_catalog/work_with_product_categories.md

![Product category tree](img/product_categories.png "Product category tree")

!!! note "Quable PIM integration"

>     When [Quable is configured as the product catalog source](quable_pim_integration.md), product categories are synchronized automatically from [[= pim_product_name =]] product classifications into [[= product_name =]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When [Quable is configured as the source of product information](quable_pim_integration.md), product categories are synchronized automatically from [[= pim_product_name =]] product classifications into [[= product_name =]].
```
